hello guys this is Amy Amy so fun oh
thank you for stopping by my channel I
just want to make a quick video and just
to tell you guys the price is that you
might weigh in for my Amy so fond
american girl doll outing that video
contest i'm currently running um one of
the the price that you might have a
chance when is d um this ah dress this
dress right here okay it's a very very
cute it's called pillowcase dress it's a
pillowcase dress so this will be the
second price the first price is the
american girl gift certificate and the
price i'm thinking to giveaway is around
forty dollars in the second price is
this pillowcase dress okay made by me I
here made this dress and the third prize
is um the third prize I haven't I
haven't decided yet but the third prize
might be I will endorse one of you the
third prize winner I will endorse your
channel and I will try to help you
promote your channel yes I think that
will be my third prize giveaway so I
think that's but you know who is the
lucky one when the third prize gave this
individual a chance to to let everybody
know about this person's channel so i
think that will be a very good idea and
that's something that i can help to
promote this particular channel so i
have received quite a few videos for
this contest and so far i have like 10
or 12 videos so you still have plenty of
time the deadline is end of may so you
still have a lot of time that you can
work on your videos so please video
respond
ants to the other video so you'll get
credit for it so i would like to see a
lot of entries that will make a really
fun contest for the spring season so
yeah you can work on it and i hope you
had a good weekend and tomorrow will be
a brand-new week so i will make some
more videos and i will talk to you guys
next time in my next video the high